okay welcome to a shimmers video today
here I've got a deli arts a jelly arts
gel printing plate to do some mono
printing and I'm just going to do it on
a little stack of just paper that I've
cut up and we're going to try some
different techniques and i'll be showing
you a few videos on on how to do that so
I've got some shimmers pearls in carrot
top and I've got some shimmers into you
so we're going to just have a check of
that and see what this works like so
I've just popped it on the plate and I'm
just going to run it over might add a
little bit of water
now because this is water basis is going
to respond a little differently to how
you see on other videos so I'm just
going to put my so you can see how that
reacts there and that is gorgeous
impressive so you just have to be a
little bit careful about about how you
treat this in that you could end up with
your colors and a little bit muddy be
with them not too much they do milled
quite easily so that one's different
again and you can see what i mean by
melding colors you can't really see the
orange and the teal separately so we can
squeal it again furthermore this is
going to muddy up the colors a little
bit so this is going to be a little bit
of a brown but because of the shimmer in
the orange and the teal it sort of makes
a little bit of a gold sort of sparkle
in the air so that's the second
generation print and I'll try that again
on this side so this time I might just
to pick up the leftover paint
by melding it together and this gets
more of am a print like if you just
spray on your work surface so I'm just
saturating here getting the leftover
over paint and it's well I'm truly
melded together now so that's what we've
got now so I'm sort of like it's almost
a gray and a bit of up around together
and you can just keep going and that's
that now these this cleans up very very
easily and you just need to spritz it
with some water and then and then just
wipe it off
it is easy
you